All right, guys.
So in this video, I just want to go over a couple of small things that I missed that I feel are important
for you guys to know.
So this is kind of just an aside and I just have a file called index.html and I'm going to just generate
my boilerplate here and let's just say test file and we'll put in our style tags and then in the body,
I'm just going to have an H one and I'm just going to say hello world and a paragraph underneath with
let's say 15 words, and we'll go ahead and open this.
And the first thing I want to talk about is visibility.
So we looked at the display property where we could display block, display, inline, inline, block.
Later on, we're going to look at display flex display grid.
There's also something called Display None, which will just remove the element from the browser completely.
So I'm going to take the H one and I'm going to set display to none and save and notice it completely
goes away.
So this can be very useful, especially when it comes to building responsive websites and responsive
applications, because sometimes you might want something not to show on mobile screens.
So this comes in handy.
Now there's also a property called visibility, so we can set visibility to hidden and I'm going to
save that notice.
It goes away.
But the big difference here is that it still takes up the space displaying none.
We'll just completely remove it from what's called the document object model.
Visibility just basically makes it disappear or makes it invisible.
It's still there in terms of the space.
So that's the big difference between these two.
You're going to find yourself using this much, much more than this, but it's still important to know
that that's available.
All right.
So the next thing I want to look at is the order of precedence and also the important flag.
So basically, if I take this H one here and I give it a color of blue, I save that.
Obviously it's going to turn blue.
But if I give this a class of let's just say hello and up here I say Dot hello and give that a color
of red and save it turns red.
So normally the further down the style is that that's what's going to take precedence.
However, targeting a class is going to override targeting the actual element.
And if I take this class of hello and I move it above the H one, you might think that well now it's
going to be fixed.
This you might think now it's going to be blue because this is further down.
However, if I save, it's still red.
And the reason for that is, is having a specific class and targeting that it's going to override just
the H one itself.
All right.
Now, I just want to put this back how I had it like that.
And if you come to a situation where and this might happen, if you're dealing with other style sheets,
maybe you're using some kind of CSS framework and you're bringing in external style sheets as well,
and you want your style to override another style.
You can use the important flag.
So right here where we said color blue, I'm just going to add on to the end of this.
I'm going to add an exclamation and then the word important.
Now, if I save this, you can see now it's blue because this this important flag is going to say,
it doesn't matter if there's a class of hello or anything else and nothing else matters.
This should take precedence.
And the only way that that this is going to work is if I also put important on this, which is stupid
and defeats the purpose, but just to show you that it works, we'll go ahead and save that and that
will be red.
All right.
But I'm going to get rid of that.
I do want to keep that, though, just so you guys have it for reference.
All right.
And then the last thing I want to mention for now, and if I remember anything else that I forgot,
I'll come back to this this this video and edit it.
But is is negative margin values.
We went over margin.
We went we went over padding, but we didn't go over negative margin values, which you really should
try to avoid if you can.
But it is possible.
So of course we can take this h one actually.
Let's work in the class down here.
We'll say margin dashed top and we say 30 pixels and save and it gets pushed down 30 pixels.
But at the same time we can also do -30 pixels and that will just bring it upwards and you can do the
same thing like let's do margin, let's do left -30 pixels.
And what it should do is pull it this way, save and there it goes that way.
All right.
So you can have negative values with margins.
However, you can't do it with padding.
If I do it with padding and save, that's not going to work because remember, padding is inside the
border.
All right.
So those are the main things that I wanted to mention.
So we'll move on and let's start our hotel website project.